KAEDRICH OLSEN: AS you look
upon the night sky spread out
across the vast
curtain of night,
you will find a myriad
points of light,
each of them with a sun in their
own right, and many of them
with planets orbiting
them, just like our own.
There are so many of these
points of light and even more
undiscovered worlds, it is
easy to get lost in it all,
leaving you to
contemplate your place
in the vast scheme of things.
It is easy to feel small
and insignificant amidst
the infinite expanse of
the universe stretched out
before you, but it is
important that know
that you are an intricate
part of the workings
of this great cosmos.
Thousands of years ago, the
night sky appeared almost
exactly as it does today.
And just like you, when
the ancient astronomers
peered upon the infinite
vastness of night,
they too contemplated
the meaning
of it all and their place in
the vast scheme of things.
As they watched the night sky,
their imaginations ran wild,
and images formed
in their minds.
Connecting the dots between
the myriad points of light,
they discovered their
heroes and legends
stretched out before them.
The night sky became
an eternal theater,
where great heroes and
mythical beasts played out
the greatest epics of all time.
These great images became
known as constellations.
12 of these constellations
became the best known
and the most significant
to astrology.
These are called the zodiac.
The first is Aries, the ram
bolting into the night sky.
Just like the ram, Aries
represents aggressive will,
assertiveness, leadership, and
the drive to compete and win,
strong personality,
and a healthy ego.
Next, Taurus the bull
represents love of reward,
spoils from victory, physical
pleasures, and material goods.
Excess is adored
and the good in life
is primary focus-- independence
and perseverance with an eye
focused on the goal.
Third, we find the
twins, Castor and Pollux.
Gemini tries to find the two
sides for every situation.
With this comes a sense of the
practical and the intellectual.
With that, we find
curiosity and communication,
clear mindedness and sharing.
Next, Cancer is
the great crab that
crawls across the night sky,
carrying its home on its back.
This is the love
of home and family,
a sense of nurturing others
and upholding traditions.
Likewise, it has a tenacity
to protect home and family,
like the hardened shell.
The light of the
sun figuratively
shines through the lion, as
Leo lights up the night sky.
Ambition, strength,
and creativity all
lead to the personal
magnetism that Leo represents.
Thus, the lion is emblazoned
with warmth and enthusiastic
idealism.
Following in the
footsteps of Leo's pride
is the exacting nature of Virgo.
It represents the
punctual and the precise.
Attention to detail is
an exacting standard
to be maintained.
Sensibility and practicality
are projected by the ever
watching eyes of Virgo.
Bringing forth
balance to the zodiac
are the great scales of Libra.
This balance is found
in equal partnerships,
harmony, and justice.
Charm and intellect
are the tools
of the cunning Libra,
who seeks equilibrium,
between conflicting forces.
The intensity builds as a
great scorpion in the sky
lashes its tail.
Scorpio is a master
of its own destiny
when determination,
passion, and curiosity
are its greatest motivators.
To that end, Scorpio
will never quit
or back down in any endeavor.
Sagittarius is the great
centaur archer of the sky.
Centaurs were once considered
to be great intellectuals.
And this pursuit
of understanding
is represented by Sagittarius.
The archer forever aims
for greater knowledge
and understanding,
often taking the pursuit
to exaggerated means.
Climbing to the heights of
the mountain and in life,
the great goat of
Capricorn seeks
the pinnacle while maintaining
a strong sense of pragmatism.
With industriousness,
efficiency, and organization,
the Capricorn works
hard towards its goals,
and usually succeeds.
The waters run forth from
the water bearer, Aquarius.
The world becomes a better
place as the progressive visions
and humanitarian
efforts flow to all.
The intellect and
vision of Aquarius
become the determination for
a better place for everyone.
Swimming through
the Aquarian waters,
we find the fish of Pisces.
Charitable and compassionate,
the imagination of Pisces
helps to gently guide others
through the rough waters
of life.
Yet, it is through
introspection that the fishes
find the intuition which
guides their pursuits.
The great cosmic theater
is only the beginning
of understanding the connection
between cosmic cycles
and the events on Earth.
Deeper insight came
as the ancients
learned to track movements
of tiny points wandering back
and forth across the night sky
and discovered their influences
upon the world.
We will explore what
these ancient astronomers
knew about these wanderers
in our next segment.